SELF INTRODUCTION
-----------------
1)Hi this is karthikeyan,currently working in Q2M technologies for 2.2 years in both automation and Manual.
2)I worked on different domain such as Retail & Healthcare.
3)My current project of retail which is UK based client.
4)In that we follow agile Methodoloy with 2 week of sprint.
5)In the current project we use Maven as Build Management tool,
6)we use design pattern such as Page object model which is used to mainten the locator and
improve code reuseablity 
7)For maintain test data we use Datadriven framework with use of apache poi dependency.
8)We use Jira as Defect tracking tool,GIT->Source code management tool or version control.
9)Apart from this i have experience on other framework such as TDD testNG which we used to
execute parallel and cross browser experience.


ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITY
------------------------
My current roles and responsibility majorly into all the testing activities.

Once the requirement comes to me i will understand the requirements.

if i have any doubts in the requirements i will ask for the walk through session.

BA will give me the proper walk through session on the requirement that i hold.

and after the walk through session ill be very clear with what is the testing that i have to perform.

So i can easily scope what to test and what not to test.

After that i ll be asking for the application access.

In mean time my team lead will prepare a test strategy and test plan document and once the

planning is done we ll go the test case design.

Since i know the requirements, i will writing the testcases.

For manual stories we ll go for the manual test cases and for automated stories i need to create
automated test cases.

So we will be waiting for the build to come.

after creating the testcases and for all the testcases i will be in need of test data.

And after creating test data ill go for the reviews Of my testcases.

There are three level of reviews one is peer review, next is lead review and BA review.

So after completing these review i might have some review comments which i havent covered
before.

Ill update the review comments and resubmit my test caes for reviewing it and i will het it approved.

Once i got approved ill be waiting for the build from the developer to come to me.

and once the developer gives me the build i will start executing manually for manual test cases and
my scripts will execute the automated test cases like automation related functionalities.

So we will following all the retesting, regression, sanity and smoke based testing on the time
which the project might ask and we will be executing every single stories.
in case of any bugs we will raise bug.
and entire defect management will happen over there

after the developer has fixed the bug ill perform retesting.

and in that way ill rerunning all the
failed testcases and complete the execution on time.

Once the execution is completed ill be closing my stories and thereby we ll be closing one by one
stories and we ll be giving signoff to our client.

my daily job routines attending the sprint calls, stand-up calls
and sprint meetings and part of the sprint planning and everything. So majorly i am involved into
those activities.
